---
title: Release Cardano Version Manager v0.3.0
author: Orelvis Lago
date: 2022-07-24 20:55:00 +0800
categories: [cvm]
tags: [cvm, stakepool, release]
pin: false
---

## New CVM Release

A few hours ago I finished testing the new functionality of [CVM](https://github.com/orelvis15/cvm).

Hi Cardano! On this occasion I wanted to announce the new release of CVM and tell you about the new functionality that will allow us to save much more time installing our own pool.

### What's new in this version?

Now cvm has support for downloading cardano-node builds, these builds are offered by IOHK in every release.
Now this is the default behavior so the instructions changed a bit.

Time to prepare the node for the execution of cardano you will have 2 options:

1 - If you want to prepare the node to use only the compiled ones that the IOHK guys offer us, it would be `cvm init`. > Average time 25 seconds
2 - If you want to prepare the node to compile each version of cardano you want to install it would be using `cvm init -b`. > Average time 1.5 minutes


Now to install cardano-node on our server we also have two options.

1 - If you want to install it using the compilers published by IOHK you just have to run `cvm install 1.35.3`. Average time 30 seconds
2 - If what you want is to compile it, then you will need to add the -b option, as in the previous case `cvm install -b 1.35.3`. Average time 145 minutes


## Other changes

- The `cvm list` command was changed to `cvm ls` since it is more intuitive.

## Next steps

I am currently working on restructuring cvm outputs, this will allow adding future features that need to use progress bars or some kind of asynchronous indicator.


Any suggestion or issue you have, do not hesitate to leave it on the [CVM](https://github.com/orelvis15/cvm) page on github

That was all for this release. Cheers!.